What can I glean from these TSMC
results? And how's it going to tell us
about the earnings for the rest of the
tech?
>> It's 10:30 p.m. in this AI party. It
start at 900 PM and that party goes to
4:00 a.m. And the reality is like look,
this is going to be a 2 to threeyear
left in this bull cycle for tech. Look,
haters are going to hate. Bears will say
it's a, you know, this is a bubble. I
could just tell you this is a fourth
industrial revolution. We are just in
the early days of this playing out. I
think those numbers and we're going to
see throughout tech earnings, it's going
to be validation for the AI revolution.
And I think the bears, look, when the
bears are in hibernation mode, they
can't see AI in the spreadsheets.
>> The are you looking specifically for
anything in in the guidance of these of
the upcoming earnings?
>> Look, I think demand and supply for
Nvidia chips are 10 to one. If so, just
start there. Okay.
>> Then you think about AMD now that
they're, you know, obviously
>> all these deals,
>> they're going to be in all these deals.
Intel gets brought in TSMC and then you
kind of if in a puzzle look at the
hyperscalers I think right now Microsoft
Google Amazon tracking anywhere from 5
to 7% above expectations look at Oracle
what they're seeing you put the pieces
together here in the puzzle especially
names like Palunteer and others it shows
this is the next phase of the AI
revolution and that's why I think we're
going to be talking about 25,000 NASDAQ
27 30,000 as this all plays out in this
AI super cycle.
>> I have to be a hater, I guess, because
of how bullish you are. Um, I'm not
really a hater, but I'm just going to
play the
>> play the devil's advocate.
>> You mentioned about these deals, these
circular deals when you're talking about
trillion dollars that OpenAI is is
willing to kind of pay for. I mean, we
don't even know how they're going to get
the money for it, but
>> what does that tell you about, you know,
where we are? I mean, people say that is
a bubble.
>> Sure. So, look, and I get that as
someone like myself covered tech stock
back in the 90s, right? So people make
comparisons. See, I view it apples and
oranges cuz here you're building out the
next economy for enterprise for
consumers and we're talking about like
autonomous robotics like the future.
>> So it's not like vendor financing that
we
>> Exactly. So and I view it as like if I'm
if I'm Sam and Open AI, if I'm going to
give Lisa Sue and AMD a dollar, but I'm
going to get back $15 to $20, that
sounds like a good deal. And I think
that's essentially how this playing out.
Look, it's I view as more collaboration
in terms of big tech in this buildout,
but that's where we are. I just don't
look, we're going to continue to have
these moments where investors be like,
"That's it. Oh, that's a sign of a
bubble." I just think right now street's
underestimating numbers anywhere from 20
to 30% over the next year.
Underestimating the super cycle for AI
and I think underestimating the second,
third, fourth derivative winners across
tech.
>> Do we go a step further beyond simply
vendor financing or collab let's call it
collabs. Do we get more mergers? Does it
make sense to vertically integrate some
parts of this?
>> Yeah. I mean, think about where are the
choke holds power? So, you're going to
see more and more acquisitions whether
it's on nuclear infusion. I believe in
big tech players, right? you think about
acquisitions on the use case side
because right now Messi of AI Palunteer
is really front and center but you got
names like MongoDB Snowflake and many
other in software where look software
backed against the wall right now right
and you saw that even like with
Salesforce and others so I think we're
going to see more and more M&A both from
software and big tech players look and
what that means that's just that's
bullishness you know in terms of where I
think these tech stocks you know go
going forward just given the trends a
deregulatory environment
a Fed debt's cutting. I get the US China
tensions and that's something that that
obviously everyone's navigating, but I
think you continue to sort of this is a
game of high stakes poker and I think if
you've been able to navigate it, that's
how you've been able to make a lot of
money since April.
>> But if China is trying to enforce at
least this whole, you know,
>> the these export curbs around rare earth
for example, doesn't that have some sort
of impact on global?
>> I view it as all look, it's all
negotiation, right? I mean as I mean
this is this is all a game of poker and
then they're on the same side with US
and Nvidia but at the end of the day
China there's a super cycle going on US
super cycle so I don't view it
negatively maybe like some others
because I view it competition guess what
>> that's bull I mean in our AI third Ives
AI third we have Alibaba and BU because
I think that's bullish for China
>> just like what's happened in the US so I
view this much more of a global super
cycle it's actually being led by US and
China rather than some sort of, you
know, battle and that's going to be
negative for for the names.
>> What about just short-term investment
strategy, right? So, Palunteer, good
company, arguably very bad stock. It's
trading at I don't know, but it's some
crazy multiple. How do you approach
something like that who's bullish, but
you look at a company, it should not be
trading at that
>> course like a pounder, right? They they
hater they hated it at 12, despise it at
50. Yeah.
>> Yelling from the mountain tops at 100.
Okay.
>> One. So the point is like they've
missed, you know, obviously this 15
bagger.
>> I believe Palanteer is a trillion dollar
company in next two or three years
because my view is that if you just
focus on one year PE valuation, you miss
every transformation. You miss every
transformational growth stock to last 20
years.
>> So you have to be able to look out. But
look, I get it in terms of in the
spreadsheets, they can't see these
things. But if you for someone like
myself travels the globe, I say Mike
Palanteer, I view that as really one of
the leaders of this AI revolution.
>> Uh how you you're you've been track, you
know, traveling around the region.
>> Obviously, we've been talking a lot
about the China tech and AI sort of race
and the like. How do you see the
parallels or differences between the US?
Yeah, I think here look if I if I just
compare over the years, right? Last
skepticism you maybe four years ago,
three years ago and now no matter where
you go in the regions, how who are the
winners, whether it's on memory,
>> yeah,
>> infrastructure, energy, because the
reality is it's a deregulatory
environment and you can't fight the
trend. Trillions being spent. Okay, you
could argue valuation on some of these
names and and that's all in the eye of
the beholder, but it's like okay, what
are the second, third, fourth derivative
beneficiaries? And I actually I think
it's very positive in terms of just
overall sentiment. Look, you're going to
have some white knuckle moments. You
guys are always talking and I get that.
But that's all part of this journey
where I believe tech stocks go higher
both in US as well as in China. When you
look across the the the AI ecosystem
that they're creating in China, for
example, everything from the foundaries
all the way to the designers all the way
to the end users. Where do you where do
you suspect the gaps are going to be? In
other words, where do you see the
opportunities as you draw the parallels
with what we're seeing outside of China?
>> Look, China is clearly a headon and on
power, right? And that's going to be a
choke cold in the U. And that's why
nuclear and that definitely
>> is it nuclear by the way? I think
>> I believe it's going to be for us. I
think it's nuclear. I think nuclear
that's why Aqua is a name it we've been
so bullish on look when you look at
China like robotics like massive
innovation that's happening you look at
ultimately what's going to happen with
Huawei what I believe Alibaba to me is
just a massively dislocated name that's
why we're super bullish on it BU is
another one and I think what you what
you're now seeing is just this massive
innovation wave coming to China it's not
just about big tech in China it's about
whether it's on mobile whether it's on
auto so this is going to a time right
now where I think globally investors
want to risk when it comes to the China
market. I get this US China battle and
we've been navigating it, but you cannot
let it deter you from a fourth
industrial revolution that we're living
in cuz it comes down to if you watch the
party from the outside through the
windows
>> at 6:00 a.m. the Bulls and the Bears
meet up at the diner. Bulls had a lot
better night than the Bears. So, the
point is is that that speaks to my view
in terms of where we are. You don't want
to get in front of that train. Yeah. Um
when you talk about the likes of
Alibaba, likes of the BU is is it better
in terms of in China to focus on these
big beta names or or do you look at
things like a camper con now as a US
investor?
>> I think for me right now it's about
China big tech. I I I still think it's
way oversold. I mean obviously you've
had some rebound, but investors are not
appreciating what this can do for
Alibaba, for BU, for JD in terms of
where I see it. Sure.
>> And I think also like these are
companies that are transforming. You
know, maybe an auto company today might
be a mobility company, you know, over
the next year or two. So to me, it's big
tech in China that continues to be the
core play from a US perspective.
>> And then ultimately, you look at the
derivatives as this plays out on the
memory side and others.
>> The you're here in the Asia Pacific
several several times a year. Do do you
notice a big difference between your
trips? How does that what's the sort of
the delta on sort of went to ground.
>> I'd say Delta, let's say a few months
ago was a little more like ner a lot of
nervousness.
>> Now it's like
>> who do I invest in?
>> What what am I missing? Where do I go?
So it's I think it's much more of that
attitude across the world that I see
because look, I think investors are
realizing like you can't fight these no
when you have big tech spending 350
billion and probably going to spend 450
billion capbacks next year. sovereigns
around the world now starting to get in
Middle East obviously UK and others the
biggest beneficiaries there it's US tech
it's China tech how do you how do you
capitalize on